docs/README.md, before:

# ShieldCoin

<!-- Badges: Project Status GitHub -->
![license](https://flat.badgen.net/static/license/GPL-3.0/blue)
![release](https://flat.badgen.net/github/release/charudatta10/ShieldCoin)
![commits](https://flat.badgen.net/github/commits/charudatta10/ShieldCoin)
![last-commit](https://flat.badgen.net/github/last-commit/charudatta10/ShieldCoin)

[![sponsor](https://flat.badgen.net//static/sponsor/%E2%9D%A4?)](https://github.com/sponsors/charudatta10)
[![contact](https://flat.badgen.net//static/contact/%E2%98%8E)](https://charudatta10.github.io/LinkNet/)
[![work](https://flat.badgen.net//static/portfolio/%F0%9F%96%BF)](https://charudatta10.github.io/myblog/)
![project](https://flat.badgen.net///static/project/ShieldCoin)

<!-- Badges: Tools used -->
`Python` `DHT` `Lupa` `Invoke` 

## Documentation

ShieldCoin is a revolutionary digital currency designed by the NFSU Blockchain Security and Analysis team. It aims to provide unparalleled security and transparency in blockchain transactions, ensuring a safe and efficient digital economy.  

## Features

- Enhanced Security: ShieldCoin utilizes advanced cryptographic techniques to safeguard transactions, ensuring that every transfer is secure and tamper-proof. 
- Transparency: All transactions made with ShieldCoin are recorded on a public ledger, allowing for complete transparency and traceability while maintaining user privacy. 
- Fast Transactions: Experience swift and seamless transactions with ShieldCoin's optimized blockchain technology, reducing transaction times and enhancing user experience. 
- Community-Driven: ShieldCoin is developed with the community in mind. Regular updates and improvements are based on user feedback to ensure the coin meets the needs of its users. 
- Educational Value: As a project by NFSU Blockchain Security and Analysis, ShieldCoin serves as an educational tool for students, offering hands-on experience in blockchain technology and security practices. 


## Getting Started

1. Clone the repository:

```bash
   git clone https://github.com/charudatta10/ShieldCoin.git
```

1. Navigate to the project directory:

```bash
cd ShieldCoin
```

1. Run the project:

```bash
invoke
```

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please open an issue or submit a pull request for any bugs or feature requests.  
[Report a bug or Request a feature](https://github.com/charudatta10/ShieldCoin/issues)

## License

This project is licensed under the GPL-3.0 License. See the [LICENSE](https://github.com/charudatta10/ShieldCoin/blob/main/LICENSE) file for details.

---

[Reference](reference.md)

<!-- Acknowledgment, References, Misc -->

Commit message:

Update README.md with references, clean up _navbar.md, and enhance index.html configuration

docs/README.md, after:

# ShieldCoin

<!-- Badges: Project Status GitHub -->
![license](https://flat.badgen.net/static/license/GPL-3.0/blue)
![release](https://flat.badgen.net/github/release/charudatta10/ShieldCoin)
![commits](https://flat.badgen.net/github/commits/charudatta10/ShieldCoin)
![last-commit](https://flat.badgen.net/github/last-commit/charudatta10/ShieldCoin)

[![sponsor](https://flat.badgen.net//static/sponsor/%E2%9D%A4?)](https://github.com/sponsors/charudatta10)
[![contact](https://flat.badgen.net//static/contact/%E2%98%8E)](https://charudatta10.github.io/LinkNet/)
[![work](https://flat.badgen.net//static/portfolio/%F0%9F%96%BF)](https://charudatta10.github.io/myblog/)
![project](https://flat.badgen.net///static/project/ShieldCoin)

<!-- Badges: Tools used -->
`Python` `DHT` `Lupa` `Invoke` 

## Documentation

ShieldCoin is a revolutionary digital currency designed by the NFSU Blockchain Security and Analysis team. It aims to provide unparalleled security and transparency in blockchain transactions, ensuring a safe and efficient digital economy.  

> [!important]
>
> # References
>
> ## List of prior implementations and references
>
> - DHT Blockchain implementation: <https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.00416>
> - Consensus mechanism and federated learning: <https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.02998>
> - Lua VM on block chain: <https://github.com/callchain/lua-vm>
  

## Features

- Enhanced Security: ShieldCoin utilizes advanced cryptographic techniques to safeguard transactions, ensuring that every transfer is secure and tamper-proof. 
- Transparency: All transactions made with ShieldCoin are recorded on a public ledger, allowing for complete transparency and traceability while maintaining user privacy. 
- Fast Transactions: Experience swift and seamless transactions with ShieldCoin's optimized blockchain technology, reducing transaction times and enhancing user experience. 
- Community-Driven: ShieldCoin is developed with the community in mind. Regular updates and improvements are based on user feedback to ensure the coin meets the needs of its users. 
- Educational Value: As a project by NFSU Blockchain Security and Analysis, ShieldCoin serves as an educational tool for students, offering hands-on experience in blockchain technology and security practices. 


## Getting Started

1. Clone the repository:

```bash
   git clone https://github.com/charudatta10/ShieldCoin.git
```

1. Navigate to the project directory:

```bash
cd ShieldCoin
```

1. Run the project:

```bash
invoke
```

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please open an issue or submit a pull request for any bugs or feature requests.  
[Report a bug or Request a feature](https://github.com/charudatta10/ShieldCoin/issues)

## License

This project is licensed under the GPL-3.0 License. See the [LICENSE](https://github.com/charudatta10/ShieldCoin/blob/main/LICENSE) file for details.
